P5-243 og anden: Rettelser til Analysis og opsætning af Solution chapter. (#157)
aau-hcl-p5/main: report/2.Analysis/EmbeddedPlatforms.tex

\section{Embedded platform}
The goal of the 5th semester of the bachelor in Software is to develop an embedded system, making it is relevant to look into the different relevant platforms.
The university supplies the student groups with a LEGO Mindstorms base set, consisting of both a LEGO Mindstorms NXT 2.0 kit and a LEGO Mindstorms EV3 kit, as well as an assortment of sensors, motors and LEGO bricks.

> In addition, other platforms can be ordered, and a few of the options here will be examined.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In addition, other platforms can be ordered, and a few of the alternative options will be examined.
```

\subsection{LEGO Mindstorms}
LEGO Mindstorms is a programmable computer kit made by the LEGO Group.
The platform is based around a central control computer, called the Intelligent Brick, and includes a variety of sensors, motors and connection cables.

The LEGO Mindstorms platform comes with a graphical drag and drop interface for programming.
However, different compilers for a variety of programming languages exist as an alternative to the interface and as such, the choice between the different Mindstorms platforms, does not depend on language preferences.

\paragraph{LEGO Mindstorms NXT 2.0}
The LEGO Mindstorms NXT 2.0 (NXT), as shown on Figure~\ref{fig:legonxt}, is the second generation LEGO Mindstorms kit.
The NXT Intelligent Brick is a micro computer based on the 32-bit 48 MHz ARM7 microprocessor with 256 kilobytes of flash memory and 64 kilobytes of RAM \cite{nxt2userguide} \cite{nxt2ev3compare}.
It includes a variety of sensors, such as touch, sound, light and distance sensors, as well as servo motors and lamps.

A potential major disadvantage of the NXT 2.0 is its age.

> The platform was released in 2006, meaning that the software might be incompatible.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The platform was released in 2006, meaning that the software might have compatibility issues with modern operating systems.
```
